I didn't really choose this career. I This was never my plan to be a teacher
when I was in graduate school, working on my PhD. I envision
my future as one of a researcher working in industry. So working for
a pharmaceutical company, for instance, and, you know, doing research
with various drugs and looking with a specialty in mental health.
Um, and I loved being in the lab. I loved being in the lab. I love
doing. I love the process of research. Um, I loved it was just like
a big puzzle to me. Like, how do we How do we do this? You know, we
know we want to do. But how do we get there? And I really just love
that, um, that kind of mental exercise of just figuring it out. So being
a teacher was really never something that I envisioned myself being,
um, So I I ended up getting the job at Cal State Fullerton, and
I kind of went into it with the idea that, well, you know, we'll see
how it works out. Maybe I'll do it for a couple of years, and then
I'll pursue my industry, uh, ideas or pursue that path. And I was
absolutely shocked by how much I loved teaching. I love teaching. I
love interacting with my students. I love watching them learn. I love
watching them see how they can take the information that they've learned
my class and actually use it to change their own lives and make
them better. That is, I love hearing their new ideas. I love being
surrounded by smart people all the time who have fantastic ideas and
want to share them like this. This is this is the life I leave. This
is the life I lean. I am surrounded by brilliant people who think
about stuff all the time and who are just bursting with new ideas.
And I I couldn't imagine another doing anything else. I absolutely
love this job and yet I can honestly say I didn't choose it. It was
never something I deliberately chose to dio. I am just really lucky